On December 7th,
Yuan Zai is having her 5 month health examination.
The veterinarian checks Yuan Zai's heart rate and respiration.
Yuan Zai's average heart rate is 120 beats per minute
and breathes 15 times per minute.
Now, Yuan Zai is already a big energetic baby.
Compared to the check up a month ago,
it's much more difficult.
The veterinarian is checking Yuan Zai's eye reaction
and checking the condition of her teeth.
(I don't want to!)
The eyes and teeth are normal.
Next, they measure the rectal temperature.
Yuan Zai's temperature is 36.6℃,
which is within the normal range.
Soon, the vet is also checking
Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan.
Currently in progress is the routine blood tests.
Normally Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan have training courses.
Animal training: can be done during the daily medical treatments
to calm them down
as well as ensure the staff and animal's safety
Through the usual training,
Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan
can have smooth blood tests,
Positive animal training
allows the zookeeper, vet, and animal
to have a three-way trust,
which allows managing and treatments
to go even smoother.
After finished with the check-up,
Yuan Zai went back outside
and secretly played with mom's food.
The vet said the check-up results were good.
Yuan Zai is a healthy baby.
After played for a bit,
Yuan Zai is getting a little tired.
(she is moving slow)